fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/ConfigExamples/ContentAdaptation/EcapForExifStripping.md

        Files with size greater than limit will be stored in temporary
        disk storage, otherwise processing will be done in RAM.
    exclude_types

>         List of semicolon separated MIME types which shouldn't be

Reviewer: contraction
```suggestion
        List of semicolon separated MIME types which should not be
```
